(Episode 11)
I succeeded and earned a lot of money.
But my dad isn't here.
He passed away before he could witness my success.
I want to make a family.
I think I'll be able to live happily with you.
I won the contest.
But...
I'm not pleased.
I have a man I love.
But I realized it too late.
I realized what love is...
only after he disappeared from my sight.
You...
Are you aware what you're doing to me right now?
He asked me to wait for him.
He called me.
But I couldn't take his call because I was with you.
It was his last call.
I should've taken it.
Where must I go to see him now?
(December, 2012)
What does that man do for a living?
I don't know why I'm asking you this right now.
What good will it do to me?
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Being sorry only means that this is the end.
And don't be scared.
I'm not going to make you feel uncomfortable.
Thank you.
I like this song.
- Should I turn it off? - No, it's okay.
Hyun Soo doesn't go out with just anyone.
She doesn't go on blind dates or date just any guy she knows.
She's full of doubt.
She thinks of love very rationally.
She said she wants to get married to someone...
who respects her and whom she can respect in return.
If you want to date Hyun Soo,
it's important that you win her trust.
It's been a while.
It's hard to see you at work since you go abroad on business a lot.
(April, 2013)
You don't need to come to work anymore.
Really?
You never mentioned anything like that.
Since when were you so obedient?
Why aren't you offering to sign a contract with me?
I know you get a lot of offers from other companies.
I'm sure you feel uncomfortable with me.
You said you won't make me feel uncomfortable.
What you just did right now...
You lift the right side of your lip whenever you smile. It's very sexy.
Really?
Yes.
Let's sign a contract.
Okay.
I'll earn you a lot of money.
I already earned a lot of money.
And I can always earn money from other things.
You can write whatever you want to write.
Thank you.
I need to go to Paris for about a month.
I'll be doing business there and meeting people.
- Should I get you a gift? - Yes.
I can't believe you.
You thought I'd refuse, didn't you?
That's why I said yes.
Hey.
It seems like you've become a bit taller.
I'm too old to grow. I even served in the military.
You've pretty much done everything.
All that's left is to succeed.
You graduate next year?
Once I graduate, I'm going to spend two years working at a restaurant.
I want to be acknowledged as a chef here.
All you think about is work. Don't you date?
That's something for me to say.
Girls must love you.
You must be picky.
No, I'm not.
I was rejected recently.
She likes someone else apparently.
I was rejected too before I left for Paris.
She said work is more important than love.
She's ambitious. I like her.
I'm glad you like her.
I'm going to see her again when I get back to Korea.
I'll introduce you to her then.
What if I take her away?
First of all, she won't let you take her away.
And plus, she's seeing someone else right now.
Apparently, they might get married.
Don't give me that look.
Never in my wildest dreams did I think...
that we were having this conversation about one woman.
If I'd known this first,
would I have been able to calm his rage a bit?
I still wonder.
(Temperature of Love)
(2017)
What's this out of the blue?
My goodness. This is what happens when you work with newcomers.
They make a fuss over nothing.
Things like this happen all the time if you work in TV.
Since these things happen all the time, you should go through it too.
Do you think I'm staying put because I like your directing?
There's no detail whatsoever.
My goodness.
What did I do wrong in my past life to end up as the chief producer?
(Chief Producers aid producers to make sure the production goes well.)
You two can grab each other's hair and fight...
or beat each other up and go to the police. Do whatever you want.
And Ms. Lee,
you keep saying that I matched you up and involving me in this.
A matchmaker's job is done when the connection is made.
Whether you two live with each other or not is up to you.
I'm sorry.
And also, the show must go on.
I've been through this a lot too.
I tried attaching writers and everything.
But only those who are meant to succeed make it.
It's a waste of energy to fight your teammate.
Spare me, Yi Bok.
Anyways,
if the ratings drop again tomorrow, you both...
are out.
Out.
I want beer.
Beer and fried chicken?
Beer, chicken, and tourte.
Gosh, he's showing off again.
But I tried it too.
It was good.
I know how to make it too.
Make it for me. I want to eat it.
Stop, stop.
Why are you guys acting like kids?
Like kids, like kids.
- No, stop! - Excuse me.
You guys ordered fried chicken, right?
- Who ordered it? - I didn't.
Speak of the devil.
There he is.
They're having fun.
My boys should be having fun.
You actually have a lot of affection.
You'll end up getting hurt.
And you put up quite a wall.
You won't get hurt much.
I reached the conclusion after getting hurt a lot.
I have to split people to keep by my side and those I shouldn't.
I'm honored you're keeping me by my side.
Be good.
If you disappoint me,
I'll seek company much less.
Yes, Mr. Park.
But why did you spare your precious time...
to come here?
Have you heard of "Star's Favorite Dish"?
It's a new SBC variety show.
I've heard of it, but I haven't watched it.
Watch it.
This week, it's a battle between two French chefs.
But Chef Seo Dae Han suddenly had to go abroad.
You're his replacement. How lucky.
It's too early to say I'm lucky.
Who's the other chef?
They don't tell you. You'll find out once you get there.
The guest is Lee Deul Lae.
She's a middle-aged actor who's still quite famous.
If she chooses your dish,
it'll be a great opportunity for you.
Good luck!
(SCR Lee Tae Bok)
(Assistant Director Jun Ho)
Director Min,
what do you want?
Is there any way we can come to an agreement?
Listen to me.
That's the agreement.
You can't attach writers even if you want to now.
It's a genre piece. The story logic needs to make sense,
and you need to do research.
Are you threatening me right now?
I respect you.
I'm only asking that you respect me too.
It's good that you fixed the script depending on the situation on set.
You're good at it.
I'll shoot everything on your script without changing anything.
Let's see how the ratings are next week.
Don't regret it then.
Why do you keep being so negative?
(On Jung Sun)
The person you are trying to reach is unavailable. Please leave...
I don't like you.
Are you doing exactly what I did to you?
(Missed call)
I checked the staff schedule earlier,
and the shoot starts early in the morning tomorrow.
They must be shooting additional scenes for tomorrow's episode.
I heard from the director.
It must be hard for everyone.
Who doesn't have it hard here?
So what's he going to do now?
This hits the spot.
I love drinking coffee at this hour.
You're escaping reality.
Bingo.
This hits the spot.
Goodness.
(On Jung Sun)
Oh, my.
Why?
It's nothing. I'm going to take this call inside.
Hello. This is Lee Hyun Soo.
I know.
You knew it was my number?
I should ask that question. How did you know my number?
I got it from Won Joon.
You're being picky. So what if I know your number?
Is something up?
No. I mean...
There's a lot going on. I met the director.
That's not really my field, so I don't know what to say.
You just have to listen.
It's hard to just listen. I'm a man.
My instinct is to want to solve it.
Okay.
Then I'll ask a girl.
We're good at just listening.
Then you don't have a particular reason for calling me?
No.
Then good night. You can't skip your meals when working.
Okay. You sleep tight too.
You can't skip your meals when working.
He's flirting with me.
Do you want me to teach you what I did when I was sad?
Then I should flirt with him too.
(Will you solve it for me?)
Will you solve it for me?
How?
[VIU Ver] E11 Temperature of Love "Are You Doing Exactly What I did to You?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Are you going to give up? - No.
You can stop if it's too tiring.
No, I'm going to keep running.
I'm going to work after this.
There's a huge gap between watching a drama and producing one.
It seemed like really hard work.
You should've completed the shooting.
I wouldn't have asked you to run if I knew.
Were you surprised to find out that I was the main writer?
Did you already know before agreeing to appear on the show?
Let's go. You said you need to go to work.
Why aren't you answering my question?
You're here.
Isn't anyone here yet?
No. You guys are so lazy.
This is why I decided to gather everyone.
You can't just suddenly make a group chat and tell us to come out.
Hurry up, and get over here!
I'm tired. Why did you make us come here?
I'm not tired.
I really like this guy.
That's too bad because I really don't like you.
My gosh, he's exactly my type.
Min Ho, you're really popular.
You can't call this being popular.
They're just putting me in the middle of their emotional dispute.
My gosh, I really like you too.
Now, let us proceed. "Where there is a will, there is a way."
"Where there is..."
My gosh. "Where there is a will, there is a way."
Won Joon, please don't talk like an old man.
Gosh, you guys are so dumb.
It's a proverb.
It means you can achieve anything...
as long as you focus.
Thank you, Ha Sung.
When Chef On starts appearing on TV,
we'll be on our own.
I called you out here...
to rekindle our cooperative spirit.
Where's Chef On?
He's right. Why isn't he here?
I didn't call him. He needs to rest.
He needs to turn over a new leaf.
Look. He's doing it again.
I said, it's a proverb!
You'll get more tired if you take a break.
You need to run at a steady pace.
Your nagging hasn't gone away at all.
You're always the same because you think of this as nagging.
I'm always the same?
I hate hearing that.
I want to be someone who betters myself every day.
This is the problem of achievement oriented education.
Why must you always better yourself?
You're right.
Why do I always need to better myself?
I guess that's one thing that's changed about you.
Yes, that's one thing that's changed about me.
It must be really hard.
You always need to have high ratings.
And now that you're a writer, you need to become more famous...
That's not true.
I'm not trying to become more famous,
and I'm not pressured about getting high ratings.
I just...
the drama that I wrote...
to help the viewers go on with their day.
That's a lie.
Then there's no reason for you to struggle.
That's upsetting to hear.
You're so mean.
You've become so cynical.
I was always like this. I guess you didn't know.
Have some interest in me, will you?
Aren't you going to run?
It's important to have a strong will when you run.
I'm going to go first.
I'm going to run!
- Good Soup. - Good Soup.
- Good Soup. - Let's go!
- Good Soup. - Look!
- It's Chef On! Chef! - Good Soup.
Did you guys run today?
Yes, Sous-chef said we need to focus...
our mind...
and use that to...
- I don't know. - He's so dumb.
I'm not that dumb.
Hyun Soo.
Is she your sister?
No, she's the writer of "Unruly Detectives".
I told you that I know her.
Oh, really?
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
How do you know Chef On?
What should we eat?
- 6... - Sandwiches.
I'd like to order six sandwich combo sets.
- Okay. - Please heat the bread.
Okay.
- Okay. - I like my sandwiches cold.
Then should I ask them not to heat yours?
Don't you think there's something weird about them?
What's so weird about them?
They like each other.
What?
I'm quite sensitive when it comes to these kind of things.
They like each other.
Isn't Chef On way younger than her?
Why does that even matter?
My gosh, I never said it mattered.
I'm just talking about his taste in women.
Then what's his relationship with Hong Ah?
I thought they had something going on.
No, there's definitely nothing going on between them.
Then I'm going to make Hong Ah mine.
Here you go.
Please enjoy.
Were you guys talking about something interesting?
No.
I'm your fan, Ms. Lee.
You're just Shin Ha Rim's fan.
You're really no help at all.
It's okay. I should be grateful.
You're a fan of the actor that appears in my drama.
I hope you keep watching our show.
You're very pretty.
Thank you.
I should accept that before anyone disagrees.
(Hwangbo Kyung is calling you.)
What do you want?
Hey, are you sure you're an assistant writer?
How can you not show up at all? We're in an emergency right now.
There's nothing to do.
Hyun Soo's going to write everything anyway.
But still, it'll be reassuring if we help her with the script.
She has Mr. Park on her side.
Regardless of what the director says,
the production company is always on her side.
Shut it. Hurry up, and get over here.
I need to go somewhere first.
Where?
It's none of your business.
What is she busy doing?
Can you cook me a bowl of instant noodles?
And why would I do that for you?
Because I'm hungry.
You shouldn't eat instant noodles for breakfast.
Do you have rice?
- Yes. - Then give me some.
Okay.
I fell for it again.
Do you think this is a restaurant or something?
Come on. Let's help each other out.
You're talking about a two-way relationship.
And you should be the one helping me out right now.
You earn 100,000 dollars a year.
There's not much left after tax.
And I know you have to give money to your ex-wife as well.
You're still giving money to your ex-wife.
And yet, you still ask an assistant writer to do things for you.
But why in the world am I actually fixing a meal for you?
Am I mentally ill or something?
Think about it.
You're doing everything for everyone.
You're even just an assistant writer.
You're cute.
You really are a pervert.
Your bad taste in women...
is the reason why you ended up getting married to a weird woman.
And that's why you're still giving money to her.
(In the process of defeating Red Monster)
(Results)
We have eggs here. Do you want me to fry you an egg?
I get hurt too.
Exactly.
That's why I'm asking if you want fried eggs.
Can I have boiled eggs instead?
I'd like two, please.
You can begin telling me why you're here.
They're the scripts I wrote for a daily drama.
I even submitted them to HNC's Writing Contest.
I'd like you to review it and produce the drama.
If you don't sign a contract me, you'll regret it in the future.
I'm intrigued by your groundless confidence.
Hyun Soo's writing lacks popularity.
You already know that. You just choose to produce it anyway.
But I'm a fast writer, and my storyline is more popular.
There's no need to criticize Ms. Lee...
to make yourself stand out.
I've already told Hyun Soo that her writing lacks popularity.
People normally choose to show their good sides...
when they want to make themselves look appealing to someone.
But I chose the opposite of that.
It's intense.
It is intense indeed.
My goal was to have you see my intense desire to succeed...
even if it means squashing a close friend.
You've reached your goal.
And I'll consider it.
Thank you.
Hello. You're early.
Yes. The exhibition is tomorrow.
So I have a couple things to take care of.
Congratulations, Professor Min.
Come see it if you have time.
Sure. Do you want some tea?
Bring it to the terrace.
Is Jung Sun there?
- Are you coming from the shoot? - Yes.
On Jung Sun is going to become a world celebrity now.
My uncle used to love her.
She's still exactly the same.
What dish are you making?
They won't tell me.
I thought it was all pre-arranged,
but this is hard.
Who do you think the other French chef is?
It must be someone we know. It's a small field.
Get me a list of potential dishes...
Lee Deul Lae might like.
I want to at least know her taste.
Yes, Chef.
What's going on with Hyun Soo? Are you two dating?
No. Concentration and choice.
Right now, I'm choosing Good Soup.
I'm concentrating on Good Soup.
What if she slips away?
She's already slipped away once.
So I'm not going to start things easily this time.
Hello.
You get more charming every time I see you.
- Are you working out? - Yes.
Have a seat.
Soo Jung told me.
You're going to be on TV?
Yes.
You'll get famous once it airs.
You're young and handsome.
It's like I'm seeing my youth.
You still hold your own.
I like handsome men.
Jung Sun's dad was handsome,
and all the men I met before were handsome too.
You should really thank me.
Who do you think gave you your looks?
Are you going to stay for lunch?
Yes. We came at this time on purpose to eat lunch here.
After this cup of tea.
Then enjoy your lunch, and do your thing.
Oh, right.
Thank you, every time.
Why do you bother to say that?
He doesn't like hearing those things.
I shouldn't be like that.
I have to pay my dues.
I told you that it's okay.
Honey, this isn't right.
Why aren't you letting me say what I want?
In front of your son at that.
It's not that I'm not letting you. It's just unnecessary.
That's for me to decide.
I'm sure this is uncomfortable for you.
You're an adult too now, so I think you'll understand.
I wanted to say thank you.
It was very thoughtful of you to do that for every exhibition,
so I had to express my thanks.
Don't you know what I'm saying?
No, it's fine.
It's fine?
What's wrong?
Where did you get the money?
Jung Sun didn't send it, did he?
Why did you lie? Why are you treating me like an idiot?
I made a fool of myself in front of Jung Sin.
It's Jung Sun.
- What? - It's Jung Sun, not Jung Sin.
You can't change my son's name just because you're mad.
Fine. Jung Sun, Jung Sun, Jung Sun, Jung Sun.
People who love each other can't lie to one another.
I didn't lie. I just switched things up.
Mr. Park sent it.
Mr. Park and Jung Sun are practically brothers.
So you said they were from your son...
to boost his dignity?
Then what about me?
Why aren't you boosting my dignity?
I am boosting your dignity.
I'm even involving my son's senior.
What more can I do?
I'm still mad at you.
Honey, you're strange.
You get mad at the weirdest times.
You're getting mad after eating the whole meal, not right after?
I still have to eat.
I'm going on my own.
How hardworking of me to consider him a man and take him in.
Of course you won't let this go.
You're hard to deal with.
I feel like the teacher just caught me doing something wrong.
Don't try to weasel out of this.
I thought for a second about you could borrow money from.
The worst is someone I know.
I just hope it's not that.
That's not it.
Why would I borrow money from someone you know?
Daniel gives me money.
Professors don't get paid a lot, but he gives me some.
I have some saved up.
Do you really need a man?
Are you going to live with me forever then?
Can't you just live on your own?
I don't want to live by myself.
You don't want to live with me,
but men are different.
Even if it's for a little while, they love me.
At a very high temperature at that.
You got burned last time, but you're still going on about it?
So you won't ferment the paste because you're scared of maggots?
Men and women live together...
from the heat they once shared.
All relationships are bland.
But with a man,
at least momentarily, it's burning hot.
All right. This conversation won't get us anywhere.
Now tell me. Who lent you the money?
I told you I didn't borrow money. Why can't you trust your own mother?
(Episode 12 will air shortly.)